Add optional queueId to BLE command queue (#261)
Navideck/universal_ble: README.md

Reviewer: Clearing queue instructions should go here.

UniversalBle.queueType = QueueType.perDevice;
```

You can have separate queues by passing an optional `queueId`. Commands with the same `queueId` are serialized together, but run in parallel with both `QueueType.perDevice` and `QueueType.global`:

```dart
UniversalBle.write(deviceId, service, char, payload1, queueId: '1');

> UniversalBle.write(deviceId, service, char, payload2, queueId: '2');

Reviewer: ```suggestion
UniversalBle.write(deviceId, service, char, value1, queueId: '1');
UniversalBle.write(deviceId, service, char, value2, queueId: '2');
```

> UniversalBle.write(deviceId, service, char, payload20, queueId: '2');

Reviewer: ```suggestion
UniversalBle.write(deviceId, service, char, payload1, queueId: '1');
UniversalBle.write(deviceId, service, char, payload2, queueId: '2');
```

UniversalBle.queueType = QueueType.perDevice;
```

> To route specific commands to a separate queue, pass an optional `queueId` to any queued API. Commands with the same `queueId` are serialized together, but run in parallel with the default queue:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can have separate queues by passing an optional `queueId`. Commands with the same `queueId` are serialized together, but run in parallel with the default queue:
```

Reviewer: We should also clarify how queue IDs work with QueueType.perDevice or QueueType.perDevice or QueueType.global

```dart
const batchCommands = 'batchCommands';

// Intermediate writes share a dedicated queue
UniversalBle.write(deviceId, service, char, payload10, queueId: batchCommands);
UniversalBle.write(deviceId, service, char, payload20, queueId: batchCommands);

// Drop pending commands on that queue, then send only the final value
UniversalBle.clearQueue(batchCommands);

> await UniversalBle.write(deviceId, service, char, payloadFinal, queueId: batchCommands);

Reviewer: Here we better have an example with numeric IDs 1 and 2.

> await UniversalBle.write(deviceId, service, char, payloadFinal, queueId: batchCommands);

Reviewer: Sending the final value can be removed from here. Does it help explaining the API?
